

Saad Memon (Uni Lux)


Jo Van Bulck (KU Leuven)

* A case for ABI unification in Intel SGX runtimes (SysTeX opinion paper and follow-up research with master students)
* Mind the gap work and follow-up ideas
* ongoing research with master student on MSP430 IPE security limitations (several concrete findings already, but not sure if we can/should talk about this publicly already before checking with TI -- prob better not, TBD)


Lesly-Ann Daniel (KU Leuven)

Title: Towards Secure Speculation for the Constant-Time Policy

Abstract: Speculative execution is important for processor performance but
enable speculative execution attacks that undermine software-enforced
security properties, such as constant-time. Recently, hardware-software
contracts have been proposed as way to formally reason about hardware-based
countermeasures, and enable to split the responsibility of ensuring
security between hardware and software. An interesting hardware-software
co-design, would be to let the enforcement of vanilla constant-time up to
the developers, and guarantee in hardware that speculative execution do not
leak secrets. This co-design, which we call secure speculation for the
constant-time policy, ensures that vanilla constant-time programs can
securely be executed on a speculative out-of-order processor.

In this talk we discuss a form of hardware taint-tracking mechanism that
tracks secrets in the processor pipeline, and ensures that they do not
influence the microarchitectural state during speculative execution (Ã  la
ConTExT or SpectreGuard). We present a work-in-progress formalization of
such taint tracking mechanism, and show that it provides secure speculation
for the constant-time policy under a broad class of speculation mechanisms,
covering all known Spectre attacks, even including load value injection
(LVI) attacks. We implement this countermeasure in a prototype processor,
and propose a first feasibility evaluation regarding its costs and
benefits.



