
******************************************************************************

                          Call for Paper

            SILM Workshop on Software/Hardware Security
                  https://silm-workshop.github.io/
  Co-located with Euro S&P 2023: http://www.ieee-security.org/TC/EuroSP2023/

           Monday, July 03 2023, Delft (The Netherlands)

******************************************************************************

It is becoming increasingly important to combine software and hardware
aspects to take new software attacks into account. For example, hardware
vulnerabilities such as Spectre or Meltdown can be exploited purely by
software attacks. Such attacks can be executed remotely and do not require
physical access to the targeted hardware platform. On the other hand,
hardware features can be used to better detect and respond to traditional
software attacks, such as memory corruption. Therefore, it is necessary to
study the security of software/hardware interfaces, both in terms of
attacks and defences.

The purpose of the SILM workshop is to share experiences, tools, and
methodologies to handle security in software/hardware interfaces. On the
one hand, we need to better assess the security guarantees provided by
existing hardware architectures against software attacks, especially
attacks against micro-architecture. This can be achieved by identifying new
vulnerabilities using reverse engineering, fuzzing, or other attack
approaches. On the other hand, we also need to propose new architectures
offering better resilience against software attacks. These architectures
should rely on hardware-based security mechanisms to protect the software
stack. One of the challenges is to formally specify and verify the security
guarantees offered by such architectures.

The goal of this 5th edition of the SILM workshop is to provide a forum
for researchers and practitioners from academia, industry, and government
that work on the security of software/hardware interfaces.

=== Special Theme 2023: SILM for Telecommunications

As a special theme for SILM 2023, we solicit submissions that present novel
research that develops or relies on hardware/software interfaces to improve
security and dependability in the telecommunications sector. In particular,
work that aims at 5G, edge and cloud scenarios where strict requirements on
bandwidth, latency, and availability need to be met, are of special
interest for SILM this year. Submissions must be within the general scope
of SILM 2023 as stated above.

==== Topics of interest include, but are not limited to the following

 * Hardware reverse engineering
 * Microcode security analyses
 * Software side-channel attacks
 * Software attacks against micro-architecture
 * Software-activated fault attacks
 * Hardware-based security mechanisms
 * Software counter-measures against hardware vulnerabilities
 * Formal methods applied to the security of software/hardware interfaces
 * Hardware enclaves
 * Hardware trace mechanisms for security
 * OS and VM introspection

==== Important Dates

 - Submission: March 02, 2023 -- 11:59pm AoE
 - Author Notification: April 10, 2023
 - Camera Ready Version: May 08, 2023
 - Workshop: July 03, 2023

==== Submission and Publication

There are two categories of submissions:

 1. Regular papers describing fully developed work and complete results (10
    pages, references included, IEEE format)

 2. Short papers, position papers, industry experience reports, work-in-
    progress submissions and ideas (6 pages, references included, IEEE format;
    work-in-progress and idea submissions should clearly outline research
    hypothesis, evaluation strategy and potential impact)

All papers should be in English and describe original work that has not
been published or submitted elsewhere. The submission category should be
clearly indicated. All submissions will be fully reviewed by members of the
Program Committee. Papers will appear in IEEE Xplore in a companion volume
to the regular EuroS&P proceedings; contact the Program Chairs if you do
not want your *short paper* to appear in the proceedings.

==== Program Chairs

 - Guillaume Hiet, IRISA, CentraleSupelec/Inria, France
 - Jan Tobias Muehlberg, ULB/KU Leuven, Belgium

Contact email: silm-workshop@inria.fr

=== Publicity

 - Merve Guelmez, Ericsson Research/KU Leuven, Sweden/Belgium

==== Program Committee

 - Pascal Cotret, ENSTA Bretagne
 - Chris Dalton, HP Labs
 - Lesly-Ann Daniel, KU Leuven
 - Merve Guelmez, Ericsson Research/KU Leuven (Publicity)
 - Karine Heydemann, LIP6
 - Guillaume Hiet, CentraleSupélec/Inria (Co-Chair)
 - Vianney Lapôtre, Univ. South Brittany
 - Clémentine Maurice, Inria
 - Jan Tobias Muehlberg, KU Leuven (Co-Chair)
 - Cristofaro Mune, Raelize B.V.
 - Kaveh Razavi, ETH Zurich
 - Simon Rokicki, ENS Rennes
 - Volker Stolz, HVL
 - Marcus Voelp, Uni Luxembourgh
 - Pierre Wilke, CentraleSupélec/Inria
 - Yuval Yarom, University of Adelaide and Data61

